Missing (epochs_)tmin and tmax (#340)
mne-tools/mne-bids-pipeline: docs/source/changes.md

  ({{ gh(320) }} by {{ authors.hoechenberger }})

> - The sanity check comparing the rank of the experimental data and the rank of the empty-room after Maxwell-filtering did not use the maxfiltered data
>   (by {{ authors.agramfort }}, {{ authors.hoechenberger }}, and {{ crsegerie }}).
> - Missing (epochs_)tmin and (epochs_)tmax in some config files.
>   (by crsegerie)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The sanity check comparing the rank of the experimental data and the rank of the empty-room after Maxwell-filtering did not use the maxfiltered data.
  (by {{ authors.agramfort }}, {{ authors.hoechenberger }}, and {{authors.crsegerie }})
- `epochs_tmin` and `epochs_tmax` were named incorrectly in some config files.
  (by {{authors.crsegerie }})
```
